add zero docs and example (#555)
mdx-js/mdx: docs/getting-started/zero.md

# Zero

> [Zero](https://zeroserver.io) is a no-config web framework for React, MDX, Nodejs, and Vue. It has built in support for MDX. You just need to install Zero (globally or locally in your project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zero](https://zeroserver.io) is a no-config web framework for React, MDX, Nodejs, and Vue. It has built in support for MDX. To get started, install Zero (globally or locally in your project).
```
